Sprint 2 Meeting with Pravesh
Meeting Minutes

â€¢	Features to be implemented: 
1.	Remove files with certain extensions i.e coding files e.g .py, .cpp, etc.
2.	Remove images from group
3.	DM must be sent to user when their file or image is deleted telling them to contact tutors directly should they need help
    with code and to refrain from sending files or images on the group.
4.	Set up database for the bot 
5.	Get bot to add to the database 
